aunt
What's the matter, my girlfriend wants to ask me out for barbecue
But what about you? You must have already worn it.
I just want to accompany you
It's okay, I haven't fired yet. Go ahead
But you can't find male models.
You are the male model, then don't go to me
Hahaha
Go ahead.
Um, go. Bye.
Kobayashi gives you your favorite pork belly
Tell me your last name
Oops, that's the last time we stopped me at the clubhouse
Don't tell me which male model you like from me is not
It's your husband and his brother.
This work is too good haha
How can my brother go?
Sister, I'm looking for your brother. You are mine tonight.
No, you, you two
Forget it. He hasn't been texting me lately.
Can you ask your husband to ask for me?
Sister's happiness will soon be handed over to you
Well, I don't mind anyway.
We became a family.
Sister-in-law, let's do one